Add filing a bug page (#635)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/bug-artifacts.md

---
title: Filing a Bug with the SDK
---

> If you encounter a bug with the Tableau Connector SDk, please file it as a github issue. We will take a look at it and respond as soon as we are able.

Reviewer: SDK

# Artifacts
When filing an bug on github, attaching the following to the issue:
- A readme file that contains the following (can be in the issue itself):
    - Your name and company
    - A short description of the bug
    - Repro steps with screenshots
    - The product(s) it appears in

>     - The exact version of the Tableau products you are using (ie Desktop 2020.3.1, Server 2020.2.2, TDVT 2.1.1, etc), as relevant to the bug

Reviewer 2: TDVT and Desktop version are technically independent I believe.  Its probably worth clarifying we need both in the TDVT case.

    - The operating system you are using
- Connector Files. Can be either a folder with the loose connector files or a packaged .taco connector. Should be the latest version of the connector.

> - Clean logs showing the error. This will be in the "My Tableau Repository\Logs" folder for desktop. For server, the "tsm maintenance ziplogs" command can be used, see this page.

Reviewer: Seems redundant with below lines

    - A short description of the bug
    - Repro steps with screenshots
    - The product(s) it appears in
    - The exact version of the Tableau products you are using (ie Desktop 2020.3.1, Server 2020.2.2), as relevant to the bug

>     - The exact version of TDVT you are running, if the ug is realted to TDVT or discovered during a TDVt run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The exact version of TDVT you are running, if the bug is related to TDVT or discovered during a TDVT run
```
